that's the flyer else the l stands for
lady a swiss quality product that
I like him now in the basics
would like to introduce the details
Differences please refer to the
datenblättern which you under
respective models in the webshop easy
Click to see the clip as I said
I'll go to the basics 1
we just catch my front on us
have a very sporty dynamic
longer here is taken by
introduce a speed judge to the man
can
It is very easy depending on the situation
if you want to drive something sporty
go deeper with comfortable driving easy
up
we also have a high quality
Fork here in the draws
but by the fact that even a
lockout feature up here have this
small lever there you can fork
block if she goes uphill
that's not such a mistake that they
very relaxed driving up the mountain
can
in the front wheel of the other to her
The security of a high quality
ladies we have one
LED lighting on it
Now we come to frame you
look very nice swinging double
tubular frame which like any flyer
and at the bottom bracket the built
Of course there is also a medium engine
in various strengthen the supports
So that 's just crazy
one has a balanced one
weight distribution that's just that
Advantage of the mid-engine you have it all
Compact in the bottom
a wonderful thing we have one
comfortable gel saddle on it so that is
really super soft that is included
a suspension seatpost that is for
fahrkomfort
simply has to be here today
we always have it as standard
furthermore safety feature against
Theft is the built- up year-old
agus frame closed something very easy
serving is always a great thing
there
that is why the black pack carrier the
I would like once again especially
highlight that it is in the system
there are luggage baskets for baskets
you can find everything in our webshop at
equipment
if you like that, just like it
click in the basket and click
within a few days this is
Swiss quality product with you